Latest version is 4.0.1.71 (Jan 7 2014)

## Download

There is no need for TopTools to be installed, it doesn't depend on external
libraries or frameworks, just download the zipfile, unpack the exe and
use it.

  * [TopTools 4.01](download/TopTools4_01_71.zip) (560 Kb. Zipped executable)

If you don't want to be bothered with unpacking and such and don't
need 'portability', there is this installer package:

  * [TopTools 4.01](download/Setup_TopTools_401.exe) (1.0 Mb. Installer)

(I have yet to find out why the Installer version is twice the size of the
actual program, I used [InnoSetup 5.5](http://www.jrsoftware.org/isinfo.php)
to create it).

## Older Versions

For people using only the loupe and the ruler there may be no reason to
upgrade to version 4, the changes are mainly in the screen grabber and
the main window.

  * [TopTools 3.0](download/Setup_TopTools30.exe) (635 Kb. Installer)

For people still using Win95/98 or for nostalgic reasons:

  * [TopTools 2.43](download/toptools243.exe) (660 Kb. Installer)

## TopTools Freeware License

This software is provided "as-is," without any express or implied warranty.
In no event shall the author be held liable for any damages arising from the
use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
provided that the following conditions are met:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
   claim that you wrote the original software.

2. You are NOT allowed to make a charge for distributing this software
   (either for profit or merely to recover your media and distribution costs)
   whether as a stand-alone product, or as part of a compilation or anthology,
   without explicit prior written permission.














